# Data Portfolio
This is my official data portfolio repository, included inside is various projects I have completed for self teaching purposes to further my knowledge in the field of Data Science. The projects are listed below sorted top to bottom by most recent project. I hope you enjoy my work and find my projects to be clear, useful and informative.

## Content
- [Anonymous Company Video Analysis, PowerPoint & Dashboard](https://github.com/justingill/Resume-Portfolio/tree/master/Anonymous%20Company%20Video%20Project): This project is concerned with analyzing the features and view counts of 100 videos from an anonymous company. Using different statistical tools, we can categorize the videos into being: hot, stable or part of everything else. The insight gained from classifying the videos will hypothetically be used to inform the rest of the company on video placement among the website to optimize viewer interactions. The data is then prepared in Tableau and outputted to a PowerPoint for a presentation that can be given to the company.

- [United Soccer League Web Scraper, Analysis & Dashboard](https://github.com/justingill/Data-Portfolio/blob/master/USL%20Scraper%20Project): This project is concerned with collecting all individual player data in the United Soccer League and also finding Reno 1868's next opponent by scraping the USL website. This data is then used to make statistical comparisons between Reno 1868 and their next opponent using Plotly and Tableau to create visual charts and a dashboard on a weekly basis.

- [Fitness Tracker Web Application](https://github.com/justingill/Resume-Portfolio/blob/master/Fitness%20Web%20Application%20Project): This web application is designed to create an up-to-date dashboard tracking an individual’s weight lifting progress over time. By using the Dash framework, we create a GUI that saves various user inputs which update a database. We also implement various interactive features including, Plotly graphs and data tables to allow the user to explore their data with more depth.

- [2017 Washoe Sales Report Analysis & Prediction](https://github.com/justingill/Data-Portfolio/blob/master/Washoe%20Sales%20Report%20Project): This is an in-depth analysis of residential homes in Washoe County using the 2017 Washoe County Sales Report from the Washoe County website. We will use a subset of the Sales Report to look at residential housing and determine housing sales, prices, locality, space, and other insightful information. This project also uses sklearn to create a linear regression model that predicts housing prices for Washoe County.

- [16-17' NBA Analysis](https://github.com/justingill/Data-Portfolio/blob/master/NBA%20Analysis%20Project): This is an exploratory data analysis project used to examine the 2016-17 NBA season using the NBA player stats dataset from Kaggle.com. By using libraries like Seaborn, Pandas and Numpy we can look at detailed information about players, leaderboards of the 2017 season, and observe trends from previous seasons compared to the 16-17' season giving important information on player's performance.

- [City Cycle Consumption Prediction](https://github.com/justingill/Data-Portfolio/blob/master/City%20Cycle%20Consumption%20Project): This is a problem drawn from the UCI machine learning repository. We are given features such as car displacement, weight, car name, etc and are tasked with creating a regression model to predict mile per gallon fuel consumption of a specific car. 
